This deputy sect master of Yushou Sect
It seems that he does not deal with Elder Xu
Yushou Sect is the first sect in Zhongzhou
The original gate is the first one in Beijing
Disputes are common
The way the former deputy sect master looked at Elder Xu
It's not as simple as hostility
Like what
I don't know. It's like
It's like an abandoned cross country
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's how it feels.
No wonder Yuan Buddhist Sect Master said 30 years
He Zhan is still in love
Keep walking with caution
This is my original door
Temporary accommodation at the Hundred Doors Dance
Next to it are the major sects
So in order to avoid unnecessary trouble
Before the Baimen Club's martial arts began
So people go out as little as possible.
Yes, this cockroach still has the key to deal with.
Next, you will listen to Han Yang's orders, right?
Come on.
Ocean, you are the original chief disciple
This house is yours to live in
Thanks hi
You're welcome. What?
Oh, by the way, you know the process of this hundred doors dancing
I knew you were drunk on cultivation
Ask no questions
I've already asked for you
This Hundred Doors Dance every year
Hundreds at least
Thousands of sects will come to participate
It can be said to be a prosperous era in this Xuanwu Continent
So many people.
Don't make trouble for a long time, right?
So to speed things up
The General Assembly stipulates the top ten burdens
You can pass the audition and directly enter the top 100
Now these top 100 are extinct
Who is the first?
Of course it's me